♪The waves of sword dance send out ripples♪
♪I weather the raging storm to chase after the victorious banner♪
♪The snow is not concerned with joy or sadness♪
♪The horse reign I have been holding falls apart in the desert♪
♪My greenness is not an excuse to be bullied♪
♪Spreading the wings and soaring, inviting recklessness at any moment♪
♪I do not fear the life of hardship♪
♪For I shall solve all riddles destined for me♪
♪Great difficulties can summon the sea of courage♪
♪It's worth defending heroic spirits in the martial arts world♪
♪One smile is all it takes, I travel faraway with my spirited ballads♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
♪Chasing after the hot-blooded dreams♪
♪Growing old with a heart of gold♪
♪The journey ahead will leave scars♪
♪A life is only worth living with adventures♪
♪Conflicts are witnessed by the clashing of youths♪
♪Brushing against the blade of time♪
♪At the end of the universe, we embark on another journey yet again♪
[The Blood of Youth: Quest of Heroic Hearts]
[Episode 1]
Eons ago,
there was one ancient sword
called Skysplitter,
or the Chosen's Sword.
[Young Ye Zhixin]
The strongest sword
[Jinxuan]
can only be wielded by the ruler
chosen by the Heavenly God.
They said
once the Skysplitter appeared,
the world would undergo a great transformation.
After Emperor Xiao Yi of Beili
restored peace to the world with Skysplitter,
the sword has become
the symbol of a ruling dynasty and heaven's mandate.
Once Skysplitter is unsheathed,
its aura can tear the world asunder.
It is the very definition of the Chosen's Sword.
For centuries,
it was slumbering inside a hidden pavilion of Tianqi City.
Until that elusive crown prince returned to Tianqi.
His imperial blood and Earthsundering Blade Technique roused the sword.
Even though Skysplitter already has an owner,
it is nonetheless a blade of feud,
destined to create more conflicts.
Have you seen him?
Do you know who he is?
That person?
I've been searching for him too.
[15 Years Later]
Weird.
There was a girl just now.
But she's gone.
That's not right.
[Guan Yu Temple]
[Lei Lingze]
[Weigui]
My friend,
mind if we share the bonfire?
He has a poker face,
but he doesn't seem like a bad guy.
Thank you for sharing the bonfire with me.
I only have bread with me.
Take half of it.
Thank you for saving my life.
You
sure are quick on your feet.
[Qin Aoxiong]
Let's see how you can flee now.
You just
won't go away.
Men,
seize them.
He has nothing to do
with our feud.
Then move aside.
Don't get him covered in blood.
Go ahead.
But please
fight outside.
That's right.
I
am Lei Lingze of Lei's Stronghold.
And I
will rise above all else in the future.
A member of a prestigious clan, huh.
Great.
Let me take your life
so that my reputation
will gain prestige.
Or
you can hand over that item
to save yourself from a worthless demise.
If I say no?
I see.
You're asking for it.
Hand over the Skysplitter fragment.
Skysplitter fragment?
What a powerful sword qi.
How did a simple slash
contain such destructive power?
Thank you
for intervening.
I highly doubt this will end well.
I didn't have the time to ask for your name just now.
If something bad happens,
we can at least keep each other company in the afterlife.
I'm Weigui.
Look at the snowman.
What is going on?
It's bleeding.
It bleeds after being struck by the sword qi,
like a living being does.
This is odd.
Return to the temple.
This is eerie.
What is happening
in here?
Si,
check what is going on.
There's nothing out there.
Open the door.
I can't.
Just hack it open.
Stop.
The door won't budge.
We're stuck.
We now need
to put our differences aside
and find a way out.
After that, we can settle the score.
You're right.
Fine.
You possess quite the martial arts spirit.
All right.
We'll settle the score once we're out.
Find the exit.
Traveling alone
can be dangerous.
Why don't you
be my sidekick?
People of the Lei's Stronghold
always
look after their own when they travel.
Your clan likes
to enslave
those
who help you?
No.
You misunderstood me.
You're not my servant.
You'll be
my buddy.
In the future,
when I feast,
so will you.
What do you think?
Your grand promise
sounds too good to be true.
But
don't you possess
the Skysplitter fragment?
You can
give it to me.
I can't do that.
I'm traveling
to look for the Skysplitter fragments
and be the strongest swordsman in the world.
If I give it to you,
I can't be the strongest swordsman anymore.
You couldn't even unsheathe your sword
in the fight.
And you said
you wanted to be the strongest swordsman?
That's because...
You won't understand anyway.
This is...
What's the noise?
What's going on?
What's happening?
This abandoned temple hides a lot of secrets.
You lot there.
Check it out.
Now!
Cowards.
Come. Follow them.
This place and where we were
look the same.
There are some differences.
Another snowman?
Where's Er?
Er?
He's outside.
Er.
When did the door close?
No idea.
I...
Why can't I open this door?
Calm down.
At this moment,
we must
find a way out.
Right.
Find a way out.
It's just two snowmen.
What's so
scary about them?
San.
Go ahead and examine them.
Now!
Hurry up.
San!
San, are you okay?
Stay here.
San.
Something's wrong with these snowmen.
How did they attack?
Si!
Look at him.
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet again♪
♪No one will be able to understand me♪
♪None will go as I wish♪
♪How I long for that one moment to last forever♪
♪All mortal obsessions turn into dusts of nothingness♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪
♪How can I make peace when time♪
♪Only leaves me with my shadow?♪
♪Yet the intertwining bonds in my life♪
♪Render me blind♪
♪I was once naive and innocent♪
♪Seeking a soul with whom to dance♪
♪Yet my life is like a wisp of smoke♪
♪Scattered by a gust of wind♪
♪In this life, I am not destined to be understood♪
♪But misunderstood♪
♪I do not know sincerity♪
♪If the river of time could flow back to its starting point♪
♪Let's not meet in another life♪
♪Not in another life♪